			README for ELinks Documentation

Introduction:
-------------

The work to provide better documentation for ELinks has just begun. Here you
will find mostly documentation that has already been made available in some
other format but has been moved to DocBook. The long term goal is to gradually
make the documentation evolve into a complete manual.

- One reason for this relaxed approach is that a lot of things in ELinks is
  probably going to change during the next major releases so the effort might
  be of better use if it was put into something else.

- Secondly ELinks is pretty straight forward to use so most users will quickly
  get the hang of it.

The manual will try to provide info which enlightens the darker sides of
ELinks. If you have some ideas/tips/info that will help a lost soul or make
using this great program even better please consider to contribute and make the
best possible manual for ELinks.

The document type, processing and where to get it:
--------------------------------------------------

The manual is written using the Simplified DocBook DTD basicly this means all
documents should validate as DocBook/XML. The SGML and XML versions of the DTD
are almost identical so this is obviously a Good Thing[TM] and it will ensure
that as many systems as possible will be able to build the documentation.

The processing can be made using either wrappers like the db2*, docbook2* and
xmlto or directly calling saxon, xsltproc, jade etc. A tool has been made to
work with the buildsystem and make processing easy, but it will only search
your system for a limited amount of possible installed docbook processing
tools. Validation will hopefully also be made part of the processing script
mentioned above.

For systems without the necessary tools check the documentation web page for
further info. (http://elinks.or.cz/documentation)

License:
--------

The documentation is distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public
License, Version 2 or any later version published by the Free Software
Foundation. See the legal notice in manual.sgml for further info. The license
is available in the COPYING file present in the source root of ELinks.

How to contribute:
------------------

Contributions are very warmly welcomed. Wether it be fixing of typos or bad
grammar, rewritings or new material. All info relevant to ELinks usage can be
included in the manual. Including FAQ material, tips and cheats ;)

There is no strict codingstyle. But please don't limit your use of whitespace
and take a look at the style used in the current documents to get ideas of what
is reasonable.

Contributions should be sent to Jonas Fonseca <fonseca@diku.dk>. If your changing
something in an existing document please read about how to make unified patches
in the Patches section of the doc/hacking.txt file.

$Id: README,v 1.2 2003/05/09 01:25:48 jonas Exp $
